okay you know how this story starts in
the beginning there wasn't shit
literally nothing but void and darkness
and that's how the darkness liked it
it wasn't until God decreed turn of the
lights that things got nasty start up
small a planet here a Sun there you know
next thing you know for humans and cows
and then stuff running all over the
place it's to say the darkness was
leased from then till now the darkness
tore its way through the world
inhabiting one human host after another
each thinking that they were its master
but you can't own the darkness the
darkness owns you fast-forward to one
Jackie staccato you know his type no
family no hope no future
he ended up about what you did spend
busting heads for the Franchetti crime
family life as a whole was pretty dark
for Jackie then came his 21st birthday
and things got a whole lot darker
you might think that inheriting
superpowers who would be pretty cool for
Chafee you know being in the business of
killing people and all and if not for
the demon living inside of him he'd be
right see the darkness didn't just make
check who's stronger it made him a god
but only the lights worked
next thing you know the mob turns on
Jack marks him to death just like that
it was the New York City mob mrs. jack
and the darkness
but it struck these things were
protected there was a light in his life
and her name was Jenny and that none of
these kids they they went way back yeah
I don't think anybody would disagree
that there were meant for each other if
anything that's the real tragedy in
office see the mob was still after Jack
now they thought the quickest way to get
him would be they would take away you
know if he gave his only reason for
living and the boat to her pretty little
head that's what they do
chillin Jenny was just about the dumbest
thing the mob could have done she
because without her Chucky not only had
nothing left to live for he had nothing
left to lose
as for the darkness Jackie's kept it
locked away for years but it doesn't
matter how hard he tries no one can hold
back the night the darkness is back and
the only light in Jackie's world got
stuffed out a long time ago if he can't
just pull this see inside him pretty
soon there won't be anything left jack
you'll be nothing but an empty shell
that's just how the darkness lights it